why not because I know the things that
happen on spring break what kids have
Ella protective parents could have
reclaim a moment of sanity minors get
high and smoke weed I agree with your
mother looks like I have to leave first
thing in the morning for Japan feeling
that it sharp you think I enjoy being
out of town for weeks on end
well maybe I should go maybe I don't
need his permission this is our last
spring break ever I'm tired of my dad
telling you I can't he can't do
that's my dad fine guys I don't think it
to you he's looking for man your
father's a too cheap to make themselves
still younger our age how young is he
trying to feel my woman he's not just
cheating it's a second family you
finally found your dad's kryptonite you
can get anything you want from him just
for a TransAm 20 times are cool is your
father home you've met my dad we go way
back
your mom's really good cousin shape is
hard to believe that we keep missing
each other after all these years
souvenir my dad go that in Japan funny I
have the exact same one no way way oh I
felt good to be home told you be
surprised what are you doing down here
grew up here why are you here spring
break there's two sides to every story
so it seems not here for spring break
he could really use a father like you
you're blackmailing me I hope you're
having fun
hey I don't think she heard me you were
very loud you should be louder no I
got grandma Ruth's car this is your car
it is that's awesome
it's bush-league man sorry I don't know
all your covert rules rule number one
only offer information when asked what's
the holdup have a little man talk sports
drink and strippers
rule number two when asked a question
always answer with the question here's
one what's gonna happen when you get
caught they recognize you it's like you
see different people think this is my
first close call trial by fire like the
Hindenburg
[Music]
bad life I'd like I can see that happen
oh no
[Music]
looks fun type me to say Carl I got my
your accomplice better than my
extortionist
[Music]